hey guys as you can tell from the title
of this video I am doing a summer
clothing essentials video so my whole
mindset behind this video was to give
you back some ideas of what to buy when
you walk into a store instead of having
just the mindset of I need new summer
clothes because that can be a little
overwhelming and you don't really know
where to begin or what to buy or what
you want so I thought I'd give you guys
a few ideas also make sure to stick
around to the end of the video because
there is going to be a small look book
that i put together with the clothing
that i have features in the summer
essentials but without further ado here
are my summer essentials
well I hope you guys enjoyed that video
and if you did please make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and comment and
subscribe and do all the things that you
guys always do and i always appreciate
but i will see you guys next week deuces
mooses